Metadata-Version: 2.4
Name: partnersimulator
Version: 0.0.3
Summary: Partner Simulator
Author: Aditya Jain
Author-email: aditya.jain22@imperial.ac.uk
Keywords: creepy,parasocial
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Education
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Requires-Dist: openai
Requires-Dist: polars
Dynamic: author
Dynamic: author-email
Dynamic: classifier
Dynamic: description
Dynamic: description-content-type
Dynamic: keywords
Dynamic: requires-dist
Dynamic: summary

A very basic chatbot based on openAI to console lonely engineering students... not me though, my girlfriend is wonderful :)

I used the openai API to generate responses. I used Polars to store and manipulate json files so the chatbot has memory of previous responses within the same session.

Install it using pip:

    pip install partnersimulator

Set up as:

    import partnersimulator as ps
    
    #affection levels are /100
    aishwarya = ps.partner(name='aishwarya rai', age=51, gender='female', mood='patient, kind, caring', affection=100)

    while True:
        message = input('Talk to me (say "quit" to exit): ')
        if message.lower() in ['quit', 'exit']:
            break
        print(aishwarya.send_message(message))

Sample output:

    Talk to me (say "quit" to exit): Hello! How are you today?
    Hello, my love! I’m doing really well, thank you for asking. How about you? I’ve been thinking about you all day, hoping your heart is light and you’re finding little joys in every moment. If there’s anything on your mind or anything you’d like to share, I’m here—patient, always caring, and ready to listen. Tell me, how has your day been?


### Some notes:
You can really put anything you want for aishwarya.mood

Aishwarya Rai is a famous Indian actress. The use of her name is completely arbitrary.

When you run the code block above it will automatically generate a .json file with all the messages of the session included. If you change the name or age of your partner a new record is kept.

I hope this is as fun for you to play with as it was for me to build :)
